README.md, before:

gitignorer [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zachlatta/gitignorer.png)](https://travis-ci.org/zachlatta/gitignorer) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/zachlatta/gitignorer.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/zachlatta/gitignorer) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/zachlatta/gitignorer/badge.png)](https://coveralls.io/r/zachlatta/gitignorer) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/zachlatta/gitignorer.png)](https://gemnasium.com/zachlatta/gitignorer)
==========

Only the best way to generate gitignore templates. It's really very neat.


License
=======

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Zachary Latta

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add contributing section to README.

README.md, after:

gitignorer [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/zachlatta/gitignorer.png)](https://travis-ci.org/zachlatta/gitignorer) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/zachlatta/gitignorer.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/zachlatta/gitignorer) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/zachlatta/gitignorer/badge.png)](https://coveralls.io/r/zachlatta/gitignorer) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/zachlatta/gitignorer.png)](https://gemnasium.com/zachlatta/gitignorer)
==========

Only the best way to generate gitignore templates. It's really very neat.


Contributing
============

Everyone is welcome to contribute to the development of gitignorer. Please do
the following to get started:

1. Fork the repository
2. Make a new working branch
3. Make your changes
4. Submit a pull request with a detailed summary of your changes


License
=======

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 Zachary Latta

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
